feat(build): add signature header support (#11)
ComfortablyCoding/strapi-plugin-website-builder: README.md

| url | The trigger URL for the website build. | String | Yes |
| headers | Any headers to send along with the request. | Object | No |
| body | Any body data to send along with the request. | Object | No |

> | secret | Secret key to sign body of the request with. | Object | No |
> | secret.hash | Algorith to use for signing e.g. sha1, sha256, etc. | string | Yes |
> | secret.headerKey | Header key where the signature should be stored. | string | Yes |
> | secret.secretKey | Secret key to sign body with. | string | Yes |

Reviewer: I believe we should use the following key names over the current to avoid confusion between common terms.

```suggestion
| signature | The signature to send as a header with the request | object | No |
| signature.alogorithm | the hash algorithm to use for signing e.g. `sha1`, `sha256`, etc. | string | Yes |
| signature.headerName | The name of the header to add the signature to. | string | Yes |
| signature.secret | The secret key to sign the request body with. | string | Yes |
```
